Who reads A Byte of Python?
Here are what people are saying about the book:

This is the book that got me into programming almost a decade ago. Thank you @swaroopch. You changed my life. -- Stefan Froelich

I am writing this email to thank you for the great help your book has done for me! It was a really good book that I enjoyed thoroughly. As a 15 year old who has never done programming before, trying to learn Python online was difficult and I couldn't understand anything. But I felt like your book gave was much easier to understand and eased me into the whole new world of programming. Thanks to you, I can now write a high level language with ease. I thought programming would be hard and boring, but with your book's help, I realised how fun and interesting yet simple it can be! I would like to thank you again for your hard work on helping out beginners like me. -- Prottyashita Tahiyat on Sep 17, 2019

This is the best beginner's tutorial I've ever seen! Thank you for your effort. -- Walt Michalik

The best thing i found was "A Byte of Python", which is simply a brilliant book for a beginner. It's well written, the concepts are well explained with self evident examples. -- Joshua Robin

Excellent gentle introduction to programming #Python for beginners -- Shan Rajasekaran

start to love python with every single page read -- Herbert Feutl

perfect beginners guide for python, will give u key to unlock magical world of python -- Dilip

I should be doing my actual "work" but just found "A Byte of Python". A great guide with great examples. -- Biologist John

Recently started reading a Byte of python. Awesome work. And that too for free. Highly recommended for aspiring pythonistas. -- Mangesh

A Byte of Python, written by Swaroop. (this is the book I'm currently reading). Probably the best to start with, and probably the best in the world for every newbie or even a more experienced user. -- Apostolos

Enjoying Reading #ByteOfPython by @swaroopch best book ever -- Yuvraj Sharma

A Byte of Python by @swaroopch is still the "Best newbie guide to python" -- Nickson Kaigi

Thank you so much for writing A Byte Of Python. I just started learning how to code two days ago and I'm already building some simple games. Your guide has been a dream and I just wanted to let you know how valuable it has been. -- Franklin

I'm from Dayanandasagar College of Engineering (7th sem, CSE). Firstly i want to say that your book "The byte of python" is too good a book for a beginner in python like me.The concepts are so well explained with simple examples that helped me to easily learn python. Thank you so much. -- Madhura

I am a 18 year old IT student studying at University in Ireland. I would like to express my gratitude to you for writing your book "A Byte of Python", I already had knowledge of 3 programming langagues - C, Java and Javascript, and Python was by far the easiest langague I have ever learned, and that was mainly because your book was fantastic and made learning python very simple and interesting. It is one of the best written and easy to follow programming books I have ever read. Congratulations and keep up the great work. -- Matt

Hi, I'm from Dominican Republic. My name is Pavel, recently I read your book A Byte of Python and I consider it excellent!! :). I learnt much from all the examples. Your book is of great help for newbies like me... -- Pavel Simo

I am a student from China, Now ,I have read you book A byte of Python, Oh it's beautiful. The book is very simple but can help all the first learnners. You know I am interesting in Java and cloud computing many times, i have to coding programm for the server, so i think python is a good choice, finish your book, i think its not only a good choice its must use the Python. My English is not very well, the email to you, i just wanna thank you! Best Wishes for you and your family. -- Roy Lau

I recently finished reading Byte of Python, and I thought I really ought to thank you. I was very sad to reach the final pages as I now have to go back to dull, tedious oreilly or etc. manuals for learning about python. Anyway, I really appreciate your book. Samuel Young

Dear Swaroop, I am taking a class from an instructor that has no interest in teaching. We are using Learning Python, second edition, by O'Reilly. It is not a text for beginner without any programming knowledge, and an instructor that should be working in another field. Thank you very much for your book, without it I would be clueless about Python and programming. Thanks a million, you are able to break the message down to a level that beginners can understand and not everyone can. -- Joseph Duarte

I love your book! It is the greatest Python tutorial ever, and a very useful reference. Brilliant, a true masterpiece! Keep up the good work! -- Chris-André Sommerseth

First of all, I want to say thanks to you for this greate book. I think it is a good book for those who are looking for a beginner's tutorial for Python. It is about two or there years ago, I think, when I first heard of this book. At that time, I am not able to read some book in English yet, so I got a chinese translation, which took me into the gate of Python programming. Recently, I reread this book. This time, of course, the english version. I couldn't believe that I can read the whole book without my dictionary at hand. Of course, it all dues to your effort to make this book an easy-to-understand one. -- myd7349

I'm just e-mailing you to thank you for writing Byte of Python online. I had been attempting Python for a few months prior to stumbling across your book, and although I made limited success with pyGame, I never completed a program. Thanks to your simplification of the categories, Python actually seems a reachable goal. It seems like I have finally learned the foundations and I can continue into my real goal, game development. ... Once again, thanks VERY much for placing such a structured and helpful guide to basic programming on the web. It shoved me into and out of OOP with an understanding where two text books had failed. -- Matt Gallivan

I would like to thank you for your book A Byte of Python which i myself find the best way to learn python. I am a 15 year old i live in egypt my name is Ahmed. Python was my second programming language i learn visual basic 6 at school but didn't enjoy it, however i really enjoyed learning python. I made the addressbook program and i was sucessful. i will try to start make more programs and read python programs (if you could tell me source that would be helpful). I will also start on learning java and if you can tell me where to find a tutorial as good as yours for java that would help me a lot. Thanx. -- Ahmed Mohammed

A wonderful resource for beginners wanting to learn more about Python is the 110-page PDF tutorial A Byte of Python by Swaroop C H. It is well-written, easy to follow, and may be the best introduction to Python programming available. -- Drew Ames

Yesterday I got through most of Byte of Python on my Nokia N800 and it's the easiest and most concise introduction to Python I have yet encountered. Highly recommended as a starting point for learning Python. -- Jason Delport

Byte of Vim and Python by @swaroopch is by far the best works in technical writing to me. Excellent reads #FeelGoodFactor -- Surendran

"Byte of python" best one by far man (in response to the question "Can anyone suggest a good, inexpensive resource for learning the basics of Python? ") -- Justin LoveTrue

The Book Byte of python was very helpful ..Thanks bigtime :) Chinmay

Always been a fan of A Byte of Python - made for both new and experienced programmers. -- Patrick Harrington

I started learning python few days ago from your book..thanks for such a nice book. it is so well written, you made my life easy..so you found a new fan of yours..thats me :) tons of thanks. -- Gadadhari Bheem